How about a doctor?
Mom, save first
I haven't woken up yet.
This is good
How could there be such a serious car accident?
Lin Hao, go check the situation between the dormitory and the car accident.
Ok Mr. Ji
I just happen to report to you about one person.
I found out that he seemed to have an affair with Mrs. Shao before
In addition, the Gu family has been short of capital stores recently.
Gu Yi is looking for someone to raise money
OK, I see.
I heard what Lin Hao said just now
We care
Never allow a woman like Qin Xiaoxuan to marry
Mom, I can't have a relationship with another man because of Xiaoxian
I don't want him.
Ji Linchuan, why did I give birth to such a stupid and stubborn person as you?
This Gu Yiming is Dr. Qin's fiancé, right?
Qin Xiaoxuan was with him before he met you
What good can a woman like him steal her sister's fiancé be?
Mom, did you check him out?
Of course. Didn't you say you were going to marry him?
Of course I have to investigate our step-in-law's future daughter-in-law
Mom, no one else knows
Don't you know what Mengmeng means to me?
I know when you were little
Mom is not optimistic about you
Let you get lost
Kidnapped again
It's that little girl named Mengmeng
She has been with you
I'd rather starve myself
I also leave you the food
Mom is very grateful
But son
People can change
No matter what he becomes
He will always be my dream